is you have to give me you look what
seems like you please like me I hate
this is not easy right if I said to you
that wings from Lewis Carroll's Alice
the answer of course is Tweedledum and
Tweedledee and you would say tell you w
a to W raise the see a see what does
it's done with Paulus
I saw support you have to give me five
answers in 60 seconds you cannot confirm
can't help you get stuck say pass time
starts now
what miss muffet was eating when
frightened by the spider see P no cousin
way the Australian series set in a
woman's block P B see it's supplications
King reputed to have burnt the cakes I
Oh Alfred the Great a children's board
game that slivers and step s the
colloquial name for the an infection for
BSC M C D Macau a disease American
president assassinated in Dallas
J okay how the animals went into the ark
T be two by two
see Lily only had one hit record but it
took some licking and thing
I'm with only a 20 amount of cheating
you don't get one of these relations
well played
I'm gonna pee pee oh please take orange
juice bye-bye